1) Advantage of java inner classes - There are basically three advantages of inner classes in java. They are as follows:
	a) Nested classes represent a special type of relationship that is it can access all the members (data members and methods) of outer class including private.
	b) Nested classes are used to develop more readable and maintainable code because it logically group classes and interfaces in one place only.
	c) Code Optimization: It requires less code to write.

2) Difference between nested class and inner class in Java
	Inner class is a part of nested class. Non-static nested classes are known as inner classes.
	All inner classes will be a nested class but all nested classes might or might not be a inner class.
	
3) Types of Nested classes - There are two types of nested classes non-static and static nested classes.The non-static nested classes are also known as inner classes.
	a) Non-static nested class(inner class)
		Member inner class
		Annomynous inner class
		Local inner class
	b) Static nested class
	
4) Nested Interface	- An interface created within class or interface.

5) Member inner class - 
	a) Class have another class within the Outer class but outside the method
	b) Compiler will create 2 class files, one for Outer class and another for Inner class which has name like Outer$Inner.class
	c) If you want to instantiate inner class, you must have to create the instance of outer class. In such case, instance of inner class is created inside the instance of outer class.
	d) The Member inner class have the reference of Outer class that's why it can access all the data members of Outer class including private.
	e)  final Outer this$0; - instance of outer class in Inner class.
	f) object creation -  	MemberInnerclass obj = new MemberInnerclass();
							MemberInnerclass.Inner in = obj.new Inner();
							in.msg();
						  
6) Annomynous inner class -
	a) A class that have no name is known as anonymous inner class in java. It should be used if you have to override method of class or interface. Java Anonymous inner class can be created by two ways:
		Class (may be abstract or concrete).
		Interface
	b) A class is created but its name is decided by the compiler which extends the Person class and provides the implementation of the eat() method.
	c) Internal class generated by the compiler in case of abstract class
			static class TestAnonymousInner$1 extends Person {  
				TestAnonymousInner$1(){}
				void eat(){ System.out.println("nice fruits");}
			}
	d) Internal class generated by the compiler in case of interface
			static class TestAnonymousInner1$1 implements Eatable {
				TestAnonymousInner1$1(){}
				void eat(){System.out.println("nice fruits");}  
			}
			
7) Local inner class -
	a) A class i.e. created inside a method is called local inner class in java. If you want to invoke the methods of local inner class, you must instantiate this class inside the method.
	b) 